Our next section if we can even call it that is going to be this little linear gradient which is gonna
work as our divider.
So that should not take us more than five minutes.
And we're gonna head over back to indexation email right after the header.
We will gonna set up a new comments again and we're going to call this not the divider but let's say
content divider.
Hopefully this is how you spell divider as well as you know what we're going to write away set it up
set up a second one.
So I was gonna say something like this.
So end of content divider technically maybe in this case this is a little bit of overkill but since
we are doing this for all these sections why does.
Might as well we just stay consistent.
And here we're going to write div with a class of content divider.
Yeah.
Now this is gonna be our divider obviously at the moment nothing is happening.
We need to do all our job within the style us and you're all gonna again add a linear gradient I will
gonna look for end of animations and then let's write here content.
The writer can we're gonna copy and paste it and send off content divider and we're gonna say that we
are selecting the class since I was like this was the class name that we gave.
And then here we're gonna say first all height.
So I want some kind of height.
And in this case this is going to be zero point five.
And we know that we can use the background property for the background property we have an optional
of lending gradient and we know that we have multiple options of how this gradient is gonna be set up
originally.
It comes from the top to the bottom.
But if we're using the same colour we know that we can get one colour overlay how or why don't we use
these to the left one.
So this is gonna be going to the left and here instead of adding one colour or two colours why don't
we add three and the colors are gonna be very very simple.
Well what is gonna work with the primary colour and this can vary colour.
And this is what I said.
The secondary colour actually we're just gonna use it one time so you might as well maybe you could
have skipped this has a variable but again just to stay consistent why don't we add them and the colours.
How did we select them.
We had an option.
And again I can look for the colour in my case I'm gonna be looking first for the primary colour and
this is where it might throw you in there.
So you need to change it a little bit and say that now you're going to be looking for this variable
and in our case what would be the variable the primary colour then we're going to have the come again
then the second one is gonna be secondary and last comma and again and we're gonna be looking for the
primary so far primary colour.
Now we should have a nice divider.
I'm just gonna use it here within the section between the header and whatever we're having I guess the
next one was the skills so I'm gonna use it here.
But you're going to use it all throughout the document.
It's really up to you.
Yeah we're done with this section and we can move on and start working on our next section.